# Time-Travel-Regulatory-Commitee
Required due to the advancements in Physics/Cosmology/manipulations of Atoms/Time Travel Technology possible.

Modern-Cosmology Report
With a comprehensive analysis of Gravity and Magnetic Fields. How Subatomic Particles transition between positive/negative charged Ions as the Neutron is formed or decayed within Quantum Physics.
Introduction of the Atomic and Subatomic Unified Fields Theory: “Understanding the Pieces of Atoms and How the Pieces Interact With Each Other.”
Neutrons conversion of Subatomic Particles. The perpetuation of Protons and Electrons emitted through Quantum Entanglement. The Magnetic Attracting and Repelling Forces within Subatomic Particles, continuing into Mass; as well as Black Holes, Wormholes that Transport Mass, and also to shape & perpetuate the Expansion of the Universe & Time simultaneously. 



Theology and Science converge at an Atomic and Subatomic level. They are both expressions for our understanding of why we are, what we are, and how we came to be. Life, Time, and Space are all intertwined and Entangled at a subatomic level within the core of all things in the Universe to include us.



With science we understand that the Universe began with the Big Bang. We are finding a better understanding of the Forces of Entanglement between the form of Subatomic Particles, both in and around the structure of Atoms. Subatomic Particles interact as electrical and magnetic forces. The Big Bang being expressed as “an introduction of Protons”. A Neutron is the most abundant Particle in the Universe. When a Proton attaches to a Neutron, the formation of a Positive Charged Magnetic Force began. The Neutron is built of two Positive Charged Quarks and one Negative Charged Quark. The Neutron Beta-Decays into a Negative Charged Ion when it loses one Positive Charged Quark. In doing so the Neutron becomes an Electron. The Neutron Beta-Decays into a Positively Charged Quark by Releasing the “W-Boson”. In doing so the Neutron becomes a Proton. Protons/Neutrons/Electrons are the forming of the Universe. A Proton attaches to a Neutron the Neutron Emits an Electron. Atoms are a combination of those three Particles. In essence an Atom is those 3-Particles. Hydrogen has one Proton inside the Nucleus and one Electron circling the Nucleus. When we Charge the Transitional Energy Form of Neutrons, Deuterium hit with enough Electrons, causes the Neutrons to Bond forming a Star. Electrons emitted from a Planet’s Core Bonds Neutrons outwardly, forming the Outer-Atmospheric Shell with Space. As we find Protons paired inside the Nucleus, we see perpetuation of these principles behind Atom 1. The 1st Atom is essentially the 3-Phases of a Neutron Particle by Quantum Mechanics. The Proton State of a Neutron is inside the Nucleus, the Nucleus is the Neutral Phase of the Neutron, and the Electron is outside the Nucleus as the third and final Phase/State of a Neutron. As we move up the Periodic Scale of Atomics, we see the Atom’s Charge by pairings. Protons paired with Neutrons inside an Atom’s Nucleus adds additional Electrons to the outside of the Atom’s Nucleus corresponding with the number of Protons and Neutrons Paired within the Nucleus. The Charge of the Pairing continues outside of the Atom’s Structure also. Pairings of a Proton attached to Neutron are found in Sodium, Choline, and Acetylcholine. The Pairing permits Electrons to be emitted by a Neutron’s conversion into an Electron. The Subatomic Particles between the Neutron’s State of Phases, is the movement of the Magnetic Force and Energy of the Neutron Particle. 

The Magnetic Attraction of Particles continues from below an Atom’s pieces, and up through into larger objects of Mass. An object of Mass emits a Field of Energy. There are both Positive Charged Mass’s, and Negative Charged Mass’s. Mass with a Positive Charged Field is drawn/pulled towards a Mass with a Negative Charged Field. Gravity has either a Positive or a Negatively Charged Magnetic Field, depending on the type of Mass emitting the Field. Objects that form with Gravity form into a sphere shape, as the Field of Energy is emitted in all directions simultaneously. A Positive Polarity Magnetic Field will form Mass as a Star, the only Reverse-Atomic Structure of Mass in the Universe. When Electrons are inside the formed Nucleus within a Star, the Protons are Outside of the Nucleus and emitted as a Positive Gravity Field of Energy. While a Negatively Charged Magnetic Field as all other objects are, emit Electrons outwardly to Bond Neutrons and form Atmosphere as with a Planet or a Moon. When Neutrons are Bombarded with Electrons via Lasers in Fusion, the Time of the Neutron is Reversed from the Neutral Phase of a Neutron. The new forms a new Nucleus around the Negative-Time emitting the Proton Phase. This is what causes the Star’s Energy to be emitted as having a Positive Polarity of emitted Protons. However, Negative Polarity Planets with a spinning Core of metals uses Energy and emit Electrons outwardly to Bond Neutrons creating the outer surface of a Planet’s Atmosphere with Space. Magnetic Fields of Gravity have a flowing of Proton or Electron Forces, allowing Field stability for the Neutrons being Bonded. Like any rudimentary magnet the Magnetic Field flows around the object. As the Magnetic Field of Gravity-Energy flows, Rotation is permitted by the Attracting and Repelling Force of the Field’s flow. Like gears in a machine object will rotate in the opposite directions from the flow of the Field it is attracted to, as if the object is being dragged or pulled behind the Attracting Force. A Moon is in a Synchronous Orbit around a Planet, only if it is close enough to the Planet for the Positive Pole of its Magnetic Field to be facing the similar Negative Magnetic Field of its Planet. However, the Moon with its Negative Polarity Magnetic Field will continue to be Repelled by its Planet. When a Moon has been Repelled far enough to break the Magnetic Bond for Synchronous Orbit, the Moon will begin to Rotate in the opposite direction of its Planet’s Rotation. 
A Black Hole is the Bonding of Neutrons by the 3rd Phase, permitting Mass to travel through Time and Space, as an Equalizing-Bridge towards the Neutral State of Energy for the Particles along their Time-Line. The Universe is a Magnetic Field of Subatomic Particles, and Particles of Mass; as well as forming into a Sphere as Energy emitting it in all directions simultaneously. The Universe has been Expanding ever since it was born and when Time and Space began. 
The Universe is Expanding and growing with Time. 
As the Mass of the Universe increases with its growth, the Energy of the Universe also increases with its Mass. 
Einstein’s formula E=MC^2 is known for the conversion of Atomic Energy. 
We measure the Mass of our visible Universe by viewing light from telescopes. The Universe is a sphere of energy emitted outward from the location in Space where the Universe began. As we measure the Radius of the Sphere Universe, we can locate a visible Time-Line of our Planet. Our planet is traveling outward from the Center of the Sphere Universe, like all other Particles within the Universe do. When Energy is emitted outward in all directions simultaneously without an obstruction, it creates a sphere, just like fireworks in the sky form a sphere. However, Thermodynamics explains why the Energy from fireworks is dissipated within our “Closed System” of our Planet’s Atmosphere. Yet, in the “Open System” vacuum of Space, Energy continues traveling outward in perpetuation of growing Energy with Time. 
Time for a location within our Universe is measured by the speed of Expansion for the Location being viewed. When Particles interact with each other, Speed/Velocity and Direction/Trajectory are altered. The possible for interactions between Particles increases exponentially with Time. Therefore, the Oldest Time for Location in our Universe, is the Center of the Universe where Time and Space began. As we measure and locate our Time-Line, we find the viewed direction for the Slowest Expansion speed from our Location. The Slowest Expansion Speed being towards the Oldest Location of Universe, and the direction towards the Center. On the other side of our measured Time-Line is our direction of travel outward, towards the Edge of the Universe as it continues to Expand. The Time-Line is for our Specific Location and Direction of travel within the Universe, like drawing a Radius within the Universe Sphere. We follow the progression of the Time-Line Radius as we see the Mass of the Universe increase with Time. The Energy of the Universe increases equally with the Mass and growth of Time. Time and Energy are equal within the Mass of the Universe. Adding Time to Einstein’s Relativity, we convert his formula into T=(E=MC^2), as Time is relative and intertwined with the Mass of the Universe. 
Gravity is formed by extremely High-Powered Magnetic Fields. By the Mass of our planet Earth, the Force of Gravity is calculated as U = 2.49×1032 Joules.  (2.49 x 1032 = 2,569.68 Joules), (1,000 Joules = 1.0 Megajoules), (2,569.68/1,000 = 2.56968 Megajoules).  So, Earth’s Gravity Potential Energy = 2.56968 Megajoules of Negative Magnetic Energy/Electricity. Our ability to create a similar Magnetic Field by wrapping an object with Electrons. Producing a Negatively Charged Magnetic Field, that permits us to Repel the Gravitational Force of our planet for flight within our Atmosphere. Whereas a Star is produced by the formation of Bonded Neutrons within the Mass structure of a Nucleus creating a Positive Polarity Magnetic Field of Gravity. Planets and other Mass in Space emit Electrons outward causing Neutrons to Bond around the outside of the object forming a Negatively Charged Magnetic Field of Gravity. Recreating such fundamentals of Physics with Technology we can create a barrier around an object in Space by Bonding Neutrons. The Object not only is able to be Repelled by the Mass of larger planetary bodies. The forming of a Time Warp Bubble permits unusually fast travel through the Fabric of Space and Time, traveling between planetary bodies. The Particles within the Time Warp Bubble are Permitted to travel through Space without becoming offset in the decay rate for Particles at their Time-Line of originating from. 
The 3rd Phase of transition for Mass and Particles is through Bonded Neutrons within a Wormhole of a Black Hole. The 3rd Phase of Neutrons being Bonded is a transitional Phase Between Proton Bonding and Electron Bonding of Neutrons. Just like a Nucleus is the Time Barrier between Previous Neutron Proton, and After Neutron Electron. The surface of a Black Hole’s Wormhole is Bonded Neutrons, yet it is essentially formed by a “Bridge of Neutrino Energy” for the Time-Line of Particles at Neutral Energy/Transition Phase). The Proton Energy of Beginning is drawn one direction through Space, the Electron Energy of After is drawn the other direction through Space. The remaining Neutrino Energy becomes Bonded Neutrons of a Wormhole connecting the two Time-Line Locations within Space and Time. The Black Hole is a Time-Line Wormhole of the Particles that created it. The Wormhole transports Matter and Energy in a linear direction from the end of a Time-Line to the beginning of that Time-Line of Particles. This Line within the Fabric of Space and Time is a Bridge between Locations and Time in the Universe’s Magnetic Field of Mass. The Matter is broken down into the singular Initial-Moment of the Subatomic Particles that created the Mass, as the Gravitational Magnetic Forces pull’s the Atomic Particles apart. In the reduced state of Mass for the Particles permits them to be returned to the Location where they originally formed within Space and Time. You must understand that a Particle is in all Phases and Locations that it has, can, and will exist all at the same Time. When we observe a Particle we slow its Movement of Time to our Locations Time-Line of Movement. Even at a Microscopic Scale, we are only viewing a Particle at that specific slowed Phase of existence. The Location where the Particles formed is the Time-Line of existence. Time began for the Particles being pulled apart by the Event Horizon of a Black Hole, closer towards the Center of the Universe along those Particles Time-Line of travel outward. The Magnetic properties of Gravity permit the Location to be selected within the Universe Sphere as the equalization of forces is achieved by the Transference of Flowing Magnetic Fields towards a Field of Equal and Opposite Polarity. As the Matter is ejected back into Time and Space, after traveling through the Wormhole of a Black Hole. Closer towards Center the debris field of the Matter being reformed into larger Subatomic Particles, then Atoms, then objects with Mass looks much like a “Star Hatchery” as we observe the Location. The Fabric of Space and Time is a Transitional Phase of Matter, with a Beginning and End. The Beginning exists at the same Time as the End exists. Only both sides are visible to us, when Time is slowed so we may see it. The “Inlet” side of the Wormhole for a Black Hole, at the Event Horizon, we even see the slowing of Time for the Particles Movement. As the Time Distortion by the two locations being Connected/Bridged Together.  



Introduction of the Atomic Unified Fields Theory: Understanding the Pieces of Atoms and How the Pieces of Atoms Interact With Each Other. A revolutionary theory that pertains to all aspects of science. The relationship between Atoms and their Subatomic Particles is the basis of understanding for how and why all science cohesively follows the same laws and binding forces. The principles for Subatomic Particles such as a Proton Attached to a Neutron permitting Electrons to be produced and transferred between Atoms, is consistent in the Quantum Physics realm as well as in the realm of Chemistry and Biology. Even in the field of Theological Science we can find that it is applicable. If God created the Universe and everything within it, and the Universe was created by the Big Bang an introduction of Protons. Knowing a human loses on average 3 grams of weight when it dies, and the “Soul” leaves the body. For the Soul to add weight to the body, by adding a Magnetic Attraction towards the Negatively Charged Magnetic Field of the planet. Then the Soul emits a Positive Polarity Field. Therefore, God created the Universe by an introduction of Protons into it. God and our binding Soul with God, is a Proton Source of Energy, a Positive Field of Attraction from a Subatomic Level up through the stages of Mass. Understanding that a Proton Attached to a Neutron with Time and Friction creates Electrons. We can understand how introductions of substances like Sodium can assist our body in producing Choline in our Brain’s Neurons. This basic building block is the creation of Energy, the creation of formed Atoms, the reason for the Expansion of our Universe, and for the creation of Life, Time, and Space; as well as our permitted study of the same subjects by permitting electrical signals of thoughts between the Neurons of our Brains. 



Neutrons are the sum of two Positively Charged Neutrinos with one Negatively Charged Neutrino (Quarks). The Neutron decays into Protons or Electrons depending on what one Neutrino the Neutron loses. If one positively charged Neutrino is lost the Neutron decays into Negative Charged Ion emitting an Electron (After Moment). If one negatively charged Neutrino, the “W-Boson” is lost, the Neutron decays into a Positive Charged Ion emitting a Proton (Before Moment). The Neutron emits a Proton or Electron as it decays into the Subatomic Ion State. 



Time & Space / Time Travel

How it works and how we can use it.
The Neutron is the Time component/Particle.

Neutrons are Bonded with Electrons internally like a Nucleus creating a Star. Neutrons in their Transitional Phase are a Nucleus in Atoms and in Biology Embryos. Yet, the Star having the opposite structure of normal Atoms, has Electrons inside of the Nucleus, and Protons are emitted outward, with a Negative-Moment of Particle trapped inside of the Nucleus. The outward Gravity Field created is a Positive Polarity Magnetic Field of Protons.

The 3-Phases of a Neutron Particle and 3-Phases of Time:

1. Neutron Particle (Encapsulation of a Moment in Time).
2. Positive Charged Neutrinos (Beginning of Particles-Time / The-Past).
3. Negative Charged Neutrinos (End of Particles-Time / The-Future).

Neutrons divide and produce two like a biological cell. Neutrons cause the Division and reproduction of biological cells. Time-Line/Linear Time is Forward Motion of Division by the Time-Particle (Neutron). 

Atom 1 on the Periodic Table is the 3-Phases of a Neutron. You have Before-Particle Moment of Positive Neutrinos, captured in a Neutron Nucleus of Time Moment, and the Electron Future-Particle circling the structure.

As the Neutron Nucleus divides, Neutrons are added inside the Time-Encapsulation. As Neutrons decay, they produce Protons or Electrons. As Protons attach to Neutrons, the charge of an Atom increases by Electrons attaching to the outer surface, as we move up the Periodic Table for Atoms. Deuterium is the Transitional-Phase of Atom-1 and Atom-2.

We can Bond Neutrons with Electrons Externally creating Atmosphere. The Energy created by a planet’s spinning core of metals emits Electrons as a High-Powered Negative Magnetic Field of Gravity. The Time Warp Bubble is the outer edge of Atmosphere that is created to Slow-Time within itself, protecting the Inner-Particles from decay.

We can create a Time Warp Bubble around an object like a Spacecraft. Using a Fusion Engine of a created Star for power. We wrap the surface of our object with Electrons. When we hit 2.0 Megajoules of power our craft begins to Repel Earth Gravity and Hovers. When we increase power towards the 2.569686 Megajoules of power emitted by the Earth's Gravity, we begin to Repel by Traveling-Away from the surface of the Earth. Eventually we find ourselves Outside the Earth's Atmosphere, and our created Time Warp Bubble acts on the Neutrons in Space like our Planet's Atmosphere Bonding Neutrons.

A Black Hole is Phase-3 of Gravity and Time. Created as a Star explodes. The Neutrons become Positive-Neutrinos and Negative-Neutrinos. The Negative-Neutrinos begin to Bond Neutrons forming the Event Horizon. The Positive-Neutrinos travel through the Wormhole, back through Space and Time, to the moment of the Particles’ Beginning. Negative-Neutrinos travel from past location towards the Location of Particle's End. The Black Hole Wormhole is a Neutral Time Bridge between the two Moments and Locations in Space and Time. The Wormhole is the 3rd Phase and Neutralization of Gravity within our Sphere Universe of Gravity/Magnetic Energy. The Wormhole is a Time Field encapsulating the Linear Time-Line of the Particles as they travel outward from the Center of the Universe to the Time we are in and observing them from.

We can alter the perceived Phase of Particles within a Time Warp Bubble. From within the Time Bubble if we emit a catalyst to the inside of the Bonded Neutrons Shell forming the Time Warp Bubble. For example, if we energize the Shell with Infrared Light, the Shell becomes Infrared and the Particles within are hidden by Infrared. Making the Spacecraft invisible to outside observations, as it is in a Phase of Infrared not visible to the eye. If we use those principles Theoretically, we can travel through a Black Hole without being destroyed. This could be done by using antimatter to alter the Phase of Particles within from the outside, preventing the Black Hole Neutral Matter Flow from dismantling our Shielded Particles within, as we travel through the Black Hole. That is Time Travel only through Universe-Time from two Locations in Space, for the Particles that created the Black Hole.

You need to understand that Particles and Time are in all locations at once. We only see a specific location for them as we observe them.

Time Travel of our Particles forward and backwards through Linear Time-Line Time is also theoretically possible. If we alter the Phase of our Particles using the same catalyst as a Black Hole encapsulates. If we emit Positive Neutrinos on the inside of our Time Warp Bubble Shell, we should travel backwards in Time (Negative-Moment). If we emit Negative Neutrinos to the inside of our Time Warp Bubble Shell, we should move forward in Time (Future-Moment). The Particle-Time within the Time Warp Bubble is altered and offset from the Particles outside of the Time Warp Bubble. So, we would be at the Earth, yet, it would be yesterday or tomorrow for the Earth. The location in Space and the Mass of the Universe would be in sequence with the Linear-Time-Location we traveled to.........

As the Physics and the Technology are understood.
The Time to build the Technology is all we have to form regulations for it.

As a special request to be considered by the committee.

Rights to use and conduct of Rights for use of Technology.
I would ask to be a part of the Build Team for the Technology on behalf of the US Government and entities. A Team of Physicists and a Team of Engineers may be selected for the rights to build the technology by the committee approval. Yet, I am the individual who is explaining this to both the Physics to the Scientific Community, and the Technology to the Engineering Community. I believe the weight of ensuring proper success of the Initial Projects on behalf of the US Government and connected entities, should rest on the Individual who Discovered the Advancements for such end. Although I am not, nor will be for such job permissibility by current laws. I will permit to not receiving income from my Companies during the building of the Aerospace/Time-Travel Technology, with payment from the federal government during such time, to prevent from unfairly offsetting such holdings as if I were elected to my position. However, the first civilian entity that may be permitted to use the Technology for Monetary Gains, will be my Companies by Property and Rights by law. The Government Regulations of the Aerospace/Time-Travel Technology shall permit the Technology to be built primarily by the US Government in defense of our Nation and its People, regulations of the Committee being from “We The People”. The US Government may permit the Space-Force to build for defense and protection of our Nation and such property. NASA, a discovery entity for Civilian advancement of our Nation, may build the Technology as Property for Science and Discovery to be shared with the World. A World Government Committee may be formed with Rights to govern the use of the Technology and Property. However, the US Government should be forward active for such a Committee to be permitted to govern the US Government and entities therefore, for the use of the Technology. I request Full-Rights of Ownership and use of the Technology Property, once anyone beyond the aforementioned entities govern as to the permitted access to the use of said Technology. Oversite of Initial-Testing for Time-Travel Technology, should be required to pass an Initial Requirement. Time-Travel Live-Test and authentication, without duplication or alteration. Such as a handwritten Letter sent by President Trump to himself while in his 1st Term of Presidency. A letter with 3 witnesses that he knew and worked with, both then and now to authenticate his letter. The individuals would be best if he wouldn't normally want them with him as a witness then or now. The letter could be for him to do something he already did, such as creating the Space-Force. One Letter for archives to be opened in his second Presidency, after it was delivered to his 1st Presidency to be archived prior to the date of his signing it. With the highest level of Security preventing alterations of any other previous events.

With all due Respect!
I even figured out How to Measure and Locate the Center of our Universe.
That is the 3rd Required Point, and the only Fixed/Stationary Point in our Universe.
That one spot of Universe Beginning is our 3rd Point for Navigation Outside of our Solar System.

Incidentally, did I happen to mention, I have Designs for Subatomic-Particle Collection. Permitting the capturing of Protons and Electrons. The Electrons can be used for String-Theory Communication and Transmission of Signals. The Protons, are now for moving backwards in Time/Time-Travel. 

Sincerely,
USMC Sgt. retired Manifold
